what's going on guys thanks for coming
back to my channel my name is Matt kami
and in today's video what I actually
have for you guys is how to get the
bandanna and glasses without a hat it's
all you have to do is you have to make
sure that you're actually saving all fit
with the bandanna so here I'm gonna save
it outfit number two I'm gonna save it
like that so now when I pull up my
interaction menu it actually saves it
there's that one no one then all you're
gonna want to do is have an outfit that
doesn't have a hat but in this case I am
gonna be choosing one with a happy
because it looks really cool with the
Hat here I'm gonna choose my Christmas
outfit and then also you want to make
sure you have your Auto Show on is a
your bike helmet and then you want to
make sure you actually have a bike
helmet set on your inner to your
interaction menu so all you want to do
is when you get up here you want to get
on your bike and then you'll put on his
helmet like so and then all you want to
do is get off hold down your interaction
menu go to your inventory accessories go
to the outfit that you actually want on
and then as you can tell then there you
go you have the bandanna glasses and the
Hat but me and you you can do it without
a hat but I like it with the Christmas
outfit while hat because it looks really
cool and amazing but other than that you
can actually do it without a head as
well all you have to do is make sure the
outfit that you're about the switch it
to like when you first get on your bike
you want to make sure that doesn't have
a hat and then you can just wear the
bandana and the UM the glasses but other
than that that's pretty much it for
today's goods it's pretty simple and
easy to do
what Mac inning and I'll be checking you
guys in the next one and if you're new
to my channel please leave a like
comment and subscribe because it also
massively helps my channel out a lot and
check out my guy my friends down and
below Mike Mamata and all that because
if you reckon we say that um I sent you
I can get you guys free modded accounts
in the future when I do my giveaways and
everything well on that like I said
hopefully hopefully everyone's having a
wonderful day and I'll check in the next
one peace out